TELCODOCS-2149 RN: deferred tuned updates RN 418 (#87340)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-scalability-and-performance_{context}"]
=== Scalability and performance

[id="ocp-release-notes-node-tuning-operator-deferred-updates_{context}"]
==== Node Tuning Operator: Deferred Tuning Updates

In this release, the Node Tuning Operator introduces support for deferring tuning updates. This feature allows administrators to schedule updates to be applied during a designated maintenance window.

> For latency-sensitive applications that cannot tolerate the removal and reapplication of tuning updates, a new annotation, `tuned.openshift.io/deferred``, has been introduced. When this annotation is set to `always`, it ensures that any changes are deferred until after the next reboot.

Reviewer: Should we give an example in the release note or just use the more info link ?  and if so , do we need to specify the default already ?  (just thinking , not suggesting at the moment)

You can use the `cluster-compare` plugin in development, production, and support scenarios.

For more information about the `cluster-compare` plugin, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cluster-compare/understanding-the-cluster-compare-plugin.adoc#cluster-compare-overview_understanding-cluster-compare[Overview of the cluster-compare plugin].
[id="ocp-release-notes-node-tuning-operator-deferred-updates_{context}"]
==== Node Tuning Operator: Deferred Tuning Updates

> In this release, the Node Tuning Operator introduces support for deferring tuning updates. This feature allows administrators to schedule updates to be applied during a maintenance window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this release, the Node Tuning Operator introduces support for deferring tuning updates. Administrators can schedule updates to be applied during a maintenance window with is feature.
```
Per IMB style guidelines, don't use "allow" in this way. https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage

> For more information on this feature, including other possible values for the annotation, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/using-node-tuning-operator.adoc#defer-application-of-tuning-changes_node-tuning-operator[Deferring application of tuning changes].

Reviewer 3: Assuming this link will be updated after https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/87314 [Deferring application of tuning change] is merged.
